Add New Featured Artist: Kanpyohgo newspost (#7489)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2022-06-11-new-featured-artist-kanpyohgo.md

---
layout: post
title: "New Featured Artist: Kanpyohgo"
date: 2022-06-11 13:00:00 +0000
---

**Kanpyogho** shuffles into our deck of Featured Artists!

![](https://assets.ppy.sh/artists/274/header.jpg)

A professional in both hardware and sound engineering, **Kanpyohgo** (a.k.a. *Kanpyo*) is one of the few people whose love for waveforms includes both audio and electric circuitry.

> Avid circle clickers may recognize **Kanpyohgo** from the stream-jump focused beatmap [Unmei no Dark Side -Rolling Gothic mix-](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/514980), having amassed over a thousand favourites and approaching 2 million plays since reaching ranked!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avid circle clickers may recognize **Kanpyohgo** from the stream jump–focused beatmap [Unmei no Dark Side -Rolling Gothic mix-](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/514980), having amassed over a thousand favourites and approaching 2 million plays since reaching ranked!
```

**7** reinvented *Touhou* songs just like the one above are now ready for mapping from [**Kanpyohgo**'s Featured Artist listing](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmaps/artists/274)!

> If you're somehow unaware of the hype behind **Kanpyohgo** and his song *Unmei no Dark Side*, do yourself a favour and witness this Hidden vs. Hardrock comparison video. After you're hooked, check out everything else too:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're somehow unaware of the hype behind **Kanpyohgo** and his song *Unmei no Dark Side*, do yourself a favour and witness this Hidden vs. Hard Rock comparison video. After you're hooked, check out everything else too:
```
